docs/contribute.md, before:

---
title: Contribute
---

## Raise awareness
### Spread the news
People need to know about the OER World Map if it is to provide a comprehensive overview of OER people and activities.  We need to build the network together, so please speak to your friends and colleagues or use social media to reach out more widely (use [#oerworldmap](https://twitter.com/hashtag/oerworldmap)).

### Become a Country Champion
Developing the OER World Map depends upon collaboration. It will be built best by a network of Country Champions who will have or want to create an overview of the OER movement in their own country.  From their local base they will raise awareness with their connections, gather data and assure its quality.

Many countries do not have a Country Champion yet. More information on the OER World Map Country Champion Network can be found on our [blog](https://oerworldmap.wordpress.com/2015/09/19/how-to-become-part-of-the-oer-world-map-country-champion-network/). If you or your institution could play this role please write to [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

### Contribute stories
We have much to learn from each other. Please consider sharing a story describing your
- project or initiative
- Open Educational Practice
- research and new insights on OER
- development or use of infrastructure tools.

A short text with lessons learned – what worked and what did not – would contribute to understanding of the different ways that OER are created and used. Please note that stories will be published under [CC-BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). If you have an OER story which you consider worth sharing, please register yourself and add it to the OER World Map!

### Translate the web pages
To become a truly global resource, OER World Map web site pages need to be available in multiple languages.  If you would be able to translate web pages into your native language please let us know at [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

---

## Build and use the data
### Become an editor and contribute data
If you are interested in collecting data for the OER World Map, you can use templates to edit data directly on the platform. In order to do this, just register on the platform and start entering data. Please have a look at the [FAQs for OER World Map editors](https://github.com/hbz/oerworldmap/wiki/FAQs-for-OER-World-Map-editors) in our wiki.

### Upload existing data
Existing OER data can be uploaded to the OER World Map platform using a powerful API. If you think you have relevant information to add, please contact us at [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

### Export data
The API of the OER World Map can be used to generate and export data with no delay.  Complete or filtered data can be used in other web sites. A special functionality currently is developed to support the reuse of data with flexible and easily integrated gadgets. If you would like to reuse OER World Map data, please contact us at [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

---

## Technical input
### Report bugs
Please report any bugs you identify by opening a new ticket if you are registered on [GitHub](https://github.com/hbz/oerworldmap). Otherwise you can send a message to [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

### Propose new features
The OER World Map has been developed using an agile approach. This means that you can contribute to its development by proposing new features. We store new features as [“user stories”](https://github.com/hbz/oerworldmap/labels/story) in our GitHub. If you think something is missing, you can either directly open a new ticket on GitHub or send us a message to [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

### Contribute code and new applications
The OER World Map is 100% open – its complete source code is available on GitHub.  Developers can contribute to the code or even develop applications that interact with the OER World Map.

Commit message:

Add Text and link to register in contribute page

docs/contribute.md, after:

---
title: Contribute
---

## Raise awareness
### Spread the news
People need to know about the OER World Map if it is to provide a comprehensive overview of OER people and activities.  We need to build the network together, so please speak to your friends and colleagues or use social media to reach out more widely (use [#oerworldmap](https://twitter.com/hashtag/oerworldmap)).

[Register](https://oerworldmap.org/user/register) to the map and create your profile.

### Become a Country Champion
Developing the OER World Map depends upon collaboration. It will be built best by a network of Country Champions who will have or want to create an overview of the OER movement in their own country.  From their local base they will raise awareness with their connections, gather data and assure its quality.

Many countries do not have a Country Champion yet. More information on the OER World Map Country Champion Network can be found on our [blog](https://oerworldmap.wordpress.com/2015/09/19/how-to-become-part-of-the-oer-world-map-country-champion-network/). If you or your institution could play this role please write to [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

### Contribute stories
We have much to learn from each other. Please consider sharing a story describing your
- project or initiative
- Open Educational Practice
- research and new insights on OER
- development or use of infrastructure tools.

A short text with lessons learned – what worked and what did not – would contribute to understanding of the different ways that OER are created and used. Please note that stories will be published under [CC-BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). If you have an OER story which you consider worth sharing, please register yourself and add it to the OER World Map!

### Translate the web pages
To become a truly global resource, OER World Map web site pages need to be available in multiple languages.  If you would be able to translate web pages into your native language please let us know at [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

---

## Build and use the data
### Become an editor and contribute data
If you are interested in collecting data for the OER World Map, you can use templates to edit data directly on the platform. In order to do this, just register on the platform and start entering data. Please have a look at the [FAQs for OER World Map editors](https://github.com/hbz/oerworldmap/wiki/FAQs-for-OER-World-Map-editors) in our wiki.

### Upload existing data
Existing OER data can be uploaded to the OER World Map platform using a powerful API. If you think you have relevant information to add, please contact us at [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

### Export data
The API of the OER World Map can be used to generate and export data with no delay.  Complete or filtered data can be used in other web sites. A special functionality currently is developed to support the reuse of data with flexible and easily integrated gadgets. If you would like to reuse OER World Map data, please contact us at [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

---

## Technical input
### Report bugs
Please report any bugs you identify by opening a new ticket if you are registered on [GitHub](https://github.com/hbz/oerworldmap). Otherwise you can send a message to [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

### Propose new features
The OER World Map has been developed using an agile approach. This means that you can contribute to its development by proposing new features. We store new features as [“user stories”](https://github.com/hbz/oerworldmap/labels/story) in our GitHub. If you think something is missing, you can either directly open a new ticket on GitHub or send us a message to [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

### Contribute code and new applications
The OER World Map is 100% open – its complete source code is available on GitHub.  Developers can contribute to the code or even develop applications that interact with the OER World Map.
